c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\bin\Debug\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests.dll.config
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\bin\Debug\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests.dll
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\bin\Debug\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests.pdb
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.QualityTools.UnitTestFramework.dll
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\bin\Debug\projeoneritakipsistemi.dll
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\bin\Debug\projeoneritakipsistemi.pdb
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.QualityTools.UnitTestFramework.xml
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\obj\Debug\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\obj\Debug\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests.dll
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\obj\Debug\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests.pdb
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Spatial.dll
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.xml
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.xml
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Spatial.xml
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\bin\Debug\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\bin\Debug\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\bin\Debug\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\bin\Debug\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\bin\Debug\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\bin\Debug\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\bin\Debug\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\resul_onder\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeoneritakipsistemi\projeoneritakipsistemi.Tests\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
